doc() : typo and other changes (#188)
ltelab/disdrodb: docs/source/readers.rst

in the `Contributors Guidelines <https://disdrodb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributors_guidelines.html#fork-the-repository>`_ section.

.. note::
	Guidelines for the naming of the ``<data_source>`` directory:

>     - We use the institution name when campaign data spans more than 1 country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    * We use the institution name when campaign data spans more than 1 country.

```

>     - We use country when all campaigns (or sensor networks) are inside a given country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We use country when all campaigns (or sensor networks) are inside a given country.

```

>     - The `<data_source>` must be defined UPPER_CASE and without spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``<data_source>`` must be defined UPPER_CASE and without spaces.

```

.. note::
	Guidelines for the naming of the ``<campaign_name>`` directory:

>     * We use the name of the campaign_name in UPPER_CASE format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``<campaign_name>`` must be defined UPPER_CASE and without spaces.

```

>     * The ``<campaign_name>`` must be defined UPPER_CASE and without spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Avoid the usage of dash ( - ) and dots ( . ) to separate words. Use the underscore ( _ ) instead!

    * For short-term campaigns, we suggest adding the year of the campaign at the end (i.e. `EPFL_2009`) 
```

Since you aim to design a new reader, you can start by copy-pasting
`the reader_template.py <https://github.com/ltelab/disdrodb/blob/main/disdrodb/l0/readers/reader_template.py>`_
python file into the relevant ``disdrodb.l0.reader.<READER_DATA_SOURCE>`` directory.
If the ``<READER_DATA_SOURCE>`` for your reader does not yet exists, create a new directory.
Then rename the copied `reader_template.py` file with the name of your reader.
In order to guarantee consistency between readers, it is very important to follow a specific nomenclature.
Here in after we will refer to the reader name with ``<READER_NAME>``.

.. note::
    Guidelines for the definition of ``<READER_NAME>``:

    * The ``<READER_NAME>`` should corresponds to the name of the ``<CAMPAIGN_NAME>``.

    * The ``<READER_NAME>`` must be defined UPPER CASE, without spaces.

>     * However, if a campaign requires different readers (because of different file formats or sensors), the ``<READER_NAME>`` is defined by adding a suffix preceded by an underscore indicating the stations or the sensor for which has been designed. Example: "RELAMPAGO_OTT" and "RELAMPAGO_RD80"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * However, if a campaign requires different readers (because of different file formats or sensors), the ``<READER_NAME>`` is defined by adding a suffix preceded by an underscore indicating the stations or the sensor for which has been designed. Example: ``"RELAMPAGO_OTT"`` and ``"RELAMPAGO_RD80"``

```
